# About me 

#### It's all a show, just watch.

I'm a mental health advocate that enjoys computers, but suffers from severe anxiety and depression so I haven't been on them in the past few years as much. I started this blog because my friends tripped out on me like I'm some kind of hacker likely because I tell them all I'm just a "PC Tech", which at one point got me the label "Skizzen" which is what my blog is named after. "SKizzen" which means from German to English, "sketches", loosly translated to sketchy or sketch. It's crazy how quickly a story can be spun, from a foreign word to Skit Zen which could mean a calm act or an act of kindness. 

I've been on a computer since I was 5, made video games in 6th grade, and had a job since 15 working with computers in advanced ways. Well in retrospect, I guess I am a "hacker". I'll hack at something until I get it to work. At least it feels that way at times, but to me it's a lot more than that. Technology has always been my passion and something I have been pretty decent at. To me I prefer Entreprenuer or Engineer, maybe Guru or even Nerd. Here you will find some of the various projects I have been working on since I made this site. Have I hacked people before? Probably as a kid screwing around, but it was merely prankster and never truly sinister. That started with a Gameshark though. Also, mimmicking one of my friends and avoiding Facebook. I'm just now playing catch up on that one I suppose. Unfortunately I have always been more social online than I am in person. Feel free to visit my page contact page for ways to contact me: danielweisinger.me
